add readme in rviz plugin (#591)
tier4/AutowareArchitectureProposal.iv: common/util/rviz_plugins/autoware_vehicle_rviz_plugin/README.md

# autoware_vehicle_rviz_plugin

This package is including jsk code.  
Note that jsk_overlay_utils.cpp and jsk_overlay_utils.hpp are BSD license.

## Purpose

This plugin provides a visual and easy-to-understand display of vehicle speed, turn signal and steering status.

## Inputs / Outputs

### Input

| Name                       | Type                                                    | Description                        |
| -------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------- |

> | `/vehicle/status/twist`    | `geometry_msgs::msg::TwistStamped`                      | The topic is vehicle twist         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `/vehicle/status/twist`    | `autoware_auto_vehicle_msgs::msg::VelocityReport`                      | The topic is vehicle twist         |
```

Author: fix https://github.com/tier4/AutowareArchitectureProposal.iv/pull/591/commits/fc7d62b66aa0af5dcc3f45065806684a1e900ada

| `/control/turn_signal_cmd` | `autoware_auto_vehicle_msgs::msg::SteeringReport`       | The topic is status of turn signal |

> | `/vehicle/status/steering` | `autoware_auto_vehicle_msgs::msg::TurnIndicatorsReport` | The topic is status of steering    |

Reviewer 2: type: opposite

Author: fix https://github.com/tier4/AutowareArchitectureProposal.iv/pull/591/commits/fc7d62b66aa0af5dcc3f45065806684a1e900ada

| ------------------------------- | ------ | -------------------- | ---------------------------------------- |
| `property_text_color_`          | QColor | QColor(25, 255, 240) | Text color                               |
| `property_left_`                | int    | 128                  | Left of the plotter window [px]          |
| `property_top_`                 | int    | 128                  | Top of the plotter window [px]           |
| `property_width_`               | int    | 128                  | Left of the plotter window [px]          |
| `property_height_`              | int    | 128                  | Width of the plotter window [px]         |
| `property_length_`              | int    | 256                  | Height of the plotter window [px]        |
| `property_value_height_offset_` | int    | 0                    | Height offset of the plotter window [px] |
| `property_value_scale_`         | float  | 1.0 / 6.667          | Value scale                              |
| `property_handle_angle_scale_`  | float  | 3.0                  | Scale is steering angle to handle angle  |

> | `velocity_`                     | float  | 0.0                  | Velocity [m/s]                           |

Reviewer 2: This parameter seems not to exist.

Author: fix https://github.com/tier4/AutowareArchitectureProposal.iv/pull/591/commits/fc7d62b66aa0af5dcc3f45065806684a1e900ada
